Added missing documentation for vehicle data (#330)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Other SDL Features/Retrieving Vehicle Data/index.md

| Odometer | odometer | Odometer reading in km ||
| PRNDL | prndl | The selected gear the car is in: park, reverse, neutral, drive, sport, low gear, first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh or eighth gear, unknown, or fault ||
| Speed | speed | Speed in KPH ||
| Stability Control Status | stabilityControlsStatus | Status of the vehicle's stability control and trailer sway control ||
| Steering Wheel Angle | steeringWheelAngle | Current angle of the steering wheel (in degrees) ||
| Tire Pressure | tirePressure | Tire status of each wheel in the vehicle: normal, low, fault, alert, or not supported. Warning light status for the tire pressure: off, on, flash, or not used ||
| Turn Signal | turnSignal | The status of the turn signal. Available states: off, left, right, both ||
| RPM | rpm | The number of revolutions per minute of the engine ||
| VIN | vin | The Vehicle Identification Number ||
| Wiper Status | wiperStatus | The status of the wipers: off, automatic off, off moving, manual interaction off, manual interaction on, manual low, manual high, manual flick, wash, automatic low, automatic high, courtesy wipe, automatic adjust, stalled, no data exists ||

> | Window Status | windowStatus | An array of window locations and open/close state ||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Window Status | windowStatus | An array of window locations and approximate position ||
```

Reviewer: I felt "open/close state" suggested a boolean value when really WindowStatus uses a percentage of how open the window is

| Odometer | odometer | Odometer reading in km |
| PRNDL | prndl | The selected gear the car is in: park, reverse, neutral, drive, sport, low gear, first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh or eighth gear, unknown, or fault |
| Speed | speed | Speed in KPH |
| Stability Control Status | stabilityControlsStatus | Status of the vehicle's stability control and trailer sway control |
| Steering Wheel Angle | steeringWheelAngle | Current angle of the steering wheel (in degrees) |
| Tire Pressure | tirePressure | Tire status of each wheel in the vehicle: normal, low, fault, alert, or not supported. Warning light status for the tire pressure: off, on, flash, or not used |
| Turn Signal | turnSignal | The status of the turn signal. Available states: off, left, right, both |
| RPM | rpm | The number of revolutions per minute of the engine |
| VIN | vin | The Vehicle Identification Number |
| Wiper Status | wiperStatus | The status of the wipers: off, automatic off, off moving, manual interaction off, manual interaction on, manual low, manual high, manual flick, wash, automatic low, automatic high, courtesy wipe, automatic adjust, stalled, no data exists |

> | Window Status | windowStatus | The status of window and location |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Window Status | windowStatus | An array of window locations and open/close state |
```
